Give clearer expectations and submission instructions (#1)
digitalservice4germany/frontend-challenge: README.md

## Your Task

Create a small web application that provides a dashboard showing how many data sets each federal ministry has made available on GovData. The dashboard should provide the possibility to filter the currently shown result set. It should be easy to tell from the dashboard which ministries have provided the most data.

Data for the dashboard is going to be provided by a backend in the future, but such an API is not in place yet (imagine your colleagues are working on it). Provided already is an exemplary JSON file that resembles a response from the planned API.

Use a non-proprietary tech stack of your choice and explain in a readme how to run your solution. Please use version control (git is preferred).

## Submitting your solution

> Please submit your solution at least 2-3 days before your technical interview. You have two options:
> 
> 1. Hosted repository (preferred)
> 
> Please make sure to email a link to a GitHub/Bitbucket/GitLab/etc. repo to [challenge@digitalservice.bund.de](mailto:challenge@digitalservice.bund.de). Make sure to make the repo private 3 days after the interview.
> 
> 2. Email
> 
> Please make sure to also email your solution as a zip file to [challenge@digitalservice.bund.de](mailto:challenge@digitalservice.bund.de). Make sure to include the commit history in your submission.

Author: @chrkaatz I think we now ended up with a contradiction (my earlier phrasing also could be read in that way): we say "you have two options" followed by "please do 1." and "please do 2.".

Do you think people should do both? I think we just want them to do one. If so, how about this:

```suggestion
Please submit your solution at least 2-3 days before your technical interview. You have two options:

1. Hosted repository (preferred)

Please email a link to a GitHub/Bitbucket/GitLab/etc. repo to [challenge@digitalservice.bund.de](mailto:challenge@digitalservice.bund.de). Make sure to make the repo private 3 days after the interview.

2. Email

Alternatively, you can email your solution as a zip file to [challenge@digitalservice.bund.de](mailto:challenge@digitalservice.bund.de). Make sure to include the commit history in your submission.
```

Author: @chrkaatz You accepted it on the backend-challenge, so I'm assume that counts here as well :)

## Your Task

Create a small web application that provides a dashboard showing how many data sets each federal ministry has made available on GovData. The dashboard should provide the possibility to filter the currently shown result set. It should be easy to tell from the dashboard which ministries have provided the most data.

Data for the dashboard is going to be provided by a backend in the future, but such an API is not in place yet (imagine your colleagues are working on it). Provided already is an exemplary JSON file that resembles a response from the planned API.

Use a non-proprietary tech stack of your choice and explain in a readme how to run your solution. Please use version control (git is preferred).

## Submitting your solution

Please submit your solution at least 2-3 days before your technical interview. You have two options:

1. Hosted repository (preferred)

> Email a link to a GitHub/Bitbucket/GitLab/etc. repo to [challenge@digitalservice.bund.de](mailto:challenge@digitalservice.bund.de). Make sure to make the repo private 3 days after the interview.

Reviewer: How about "Please make sure..."

2. Email 

> You can also email your solution as a zip file to [challenge@digitalservice.bund.de](mailto:challenge@digitalservice.bund.de). Make sure to include the commit history in your submission.

Reviewer: How about "Please make sure..."

## Evaluation

> We want to use this challenge to understand how you would approach such a problem in a work setting. Here are some specifics of what we are looking for:

Reviewer 2: The `Here are some specifics of what we are looking for:` is redundant when we have in the next line `We are going to pay attention to:`

> Among other things, we pay attention to:

Reviewer: Seeing this again, I'm starting to wonder what are those other things? That might be too vague and lead to needless angst? The list of things is already quite long. How about omitting it altogether: "We are going to pay attention to:"

That is, put everything that is relevant to us into the list, but don't come up with other unknown/unexpected evaluation criteria.

Reviewer 2: +1 Omit it and extend list as needed.

- how you structure your application and your source code,
- how you name variables/functions/classes/packages,
- how you test your application and what kinds of tests you're writing,
- how you document your application, including instructions to run the project,
- what your commits look like,
- whether you know how to consume APIs efficiently,
- what tooling you use,

> - overall consistency & attention to detail.

Reviewer 2: I tend to take these out:
`how you name variables/functions/classes/packages`
(either I have to extend the list, e.g. "css classes"; or assume naming as part of structure)
`whether you know how to consume APIs efficiently`
(this is mostly part of the backend challenge, right?)

and add these ones:
`a robust understanding of HTML, CSS and JavaScript`
(my intention is to highlight, that we have these three areas: document/semantic markup + presentation/formatting + functionality)
`an accessible and usable solution`
(understanding of accessibility is very important + basics in UI + UX for good collaboration with UI and UX designers)

Author: > `how you name variables/functions/classes/packages`
> (either I have to extend the list, e.g. "css classes"; or assume naming as part of structure)

Works for me.

> whether you know how to consume APIs efficiently
> (this is mostly part of the backend challenge, right?)

👍 

> and add these ones: [...]

Awesome!

You should turn in a complete and runnable solution, but do not gold-plate it: we don't expect you to spend more than a few hours on this exercise.

In the technical interview that follows we would like to discuss your approach, and that includes talking about areas you would want to improve if given more time.

> Note that the UI won't be part of the evaluation (could be plain HTML for instance).

Reviewer: I think this was copied from the backend challenge? I think here we want to evaluate the UI? 😬

Reviewer 2: +1 :)
